In this program we are traverseing a binary tree level by level. In order to do so, we first check the constraints, that is,  if the value of any node in the tree is out of the range of [-1000, 1000] or if the number of nodes in the given Binary Tree in not within the range [2,2000] then an IllegalArgumentException (in java) or ValueError (in python) is thrown/raised with a message of "conditions not matched." Incase the root is null, we return the null value which means that the binary tree is empty.

After checking the constraints, we then create an ArrayList, totalTreeLevel (of type List<List<TreeNode>>) that stores all the values of the nodes in the tree level by level. In the function TreeLevelByLevel(), we traverse through the binary tree level by level using the outer while and inner for loop to iterate throgh each level and then each node in the respective level of the tree. The values of each node in a given level of the tree is stored in another arraylist which, after the node traversal, is added to totalTreeLevel. In the end, totalTreeLevel is returned.
Later on, in the printLevelTraversal() function, the elements in the returned totalTreeLevel list (from TreeLevelByLevel() function) is printed which contains the value of the nodes in the given binary tree stored level by level. We use nested for loop where the outer loop traverse through each element in totalTreeLevel list and the inner for loop is used to iterate trough each element in the each list in totalTreeLevel. Counters are used to make sure the elemnts are printed in the required format enclosde in []. Also, in case the totalTreeLevel is null, a messsage is printed that the tree is empty.
