In this program, I have used the concept of HashMap in Java and Dictionary in Python to find out the possible largest palindrome and its length from the given string entered by the user. In the function lonngestPalindrome(), I first check the criteria for the string, that is, the length of the string should be greater than equal to 1 and should not exceed 2000 and whether the string only has alphabets. If any of these conditions are not matched, -1 is returned to the main function, which prints that the message that the entered string was invalid.
Otherwise, we move forward in the longestPalindrome() function, where I create a HashMap in Java and Dictionary in Python to store the key, which represents each character in the passed string, and values that represents the frequency of that character in the string. Using a loop, each character's (in the passed string) frequency is counted and is added to the map or dictionary as key and value, respectively. 

Then, in order to create the largest palindrome, another loop is used, which iterates through the map or dictionary. Here, each key's value is checked to know if the frequency of the given character is odd or even by dividing the key's value by 2. Then, using a loop, we concatenate that character into a new string half (floor value) of its frequency. Two strings are created by adding characters forward and backward accordingly (they are also helpful if we want to print the longest palindrome string). These two strings will be the starting and end parts of the required palindrome. Another condition checks for any character that occurs an odd number of times in the string. If so, then that character is stored in the char variable once.
Lastly, we return the length of the longest palindrome string by checking the condition and finding the length of the concatenated string.
